---
title: 'Life in USTC'
date: 2023-08-07
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - USTC
  - Life

---

Life in USTC
============
<span style="font-family: Arial, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; font-size: 16px; color: #FF0000;">If you need USTC to recruit you, you ain't the one.</span>

Boring
------
Actually, the moment you enter the gate of USTC, you kind of lose the colorful college life that might ever exist in your mind. If you are a boring person and your satisfaction completely comes from academic work, anime, and PC games, you are a perfect fit for USTC in terms of adapting the daily life here. Hefei is boring, compared to Beijing, Shanghai, and even Nanjing. Most of your schoolmates are boring, engaging themselve into their academic world. If you have a strong need to socialize, you will endure four years of hardship at this school. However, since I'm a boring person, I feel like everything is just appropriate.

Interests
----------
<span style="font-family: Arial, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; font-size: 16px; color: #FF0000;">You can find a little sparkle in even the dullest of lives.</span>

<!--The first and the most important tip to bear in mind, I reckon, is to  gain the ability to 'ignore'. Ignore the bias, the prejudice, the scoff, the misunderstanding. The only thing you have to pursue is to be yourself. The campus of a college should be inclusive. -->
Actually, you can have fun as long as you have time and willingness. There are quite a few clubs, ranging from art and culture to sports. Although there are few active members in the clubs, you do make friends if you participate in the activities frequently. 
<!--这里要放照片-->

I have a passion for nightfall. I thoroughly enjoy the mixture of pink, red, orange, and yellow spraying on the earth. When everything is covered by the beauty of these fleeting moments, I feel like touching the most magnificent part of life, which reversely touches the deepest romance in my heart.
<!--这里要放照片-->

Why do you have to arm yourself with the boring 'mathematical and physical knowledge'? An A+ is no difference than A after graduation. Life is far more than academic books, homework, and experiments. Fun can be found everywhere, as long as you feel it without an anxious and impatient heart.

Relax. And make peace with yourself.
